[Music]
well it took me seven years and 1200
pages to tell the story it's kind of
hard to summarize it
[Music]
it is extraordinary it's a wonderful
illustration of the skill and the talent
and the dedication that we now have in
the British TV world
Oh wonderful trusts absolutely fabulous
cast yeah they're all bootiful I'm
really thrilled
Alethea meter says that Lyra has to make
a journey I'm really looking forward to
the scenes in the balloon and I'm
longing to see them lin-manuel fly it
for us that was one of the scenes I most
enjoyed writing about in any adaptation
the one that the world itself had at
least a sad story has we adapt it it's
inevitable I wasn't going to be
insistent that every single item and the
story had to be exactly presented as it
was on the page
the story as a whole concerns something
that every one of us goes through in our
life and that's the change from
childhood to adulthood from innocence to
experience the way we apprehend things
the way we think of things where we see
the world that's at the heart of the
story right when I discovered that Lyra
had a demon I didn't really know what it
was or what it was for and I realized
that because I knew what kind of theme
of the whole book was it was the
innocence and experience thing I could
use the demon to signal the difference
between being a child which is malleable
and flexible only a demon can change
shape and gradually becoming an adult
where your demon settles in one fixed
form and once I realized that that gave
me the kind of clue to the whole thing
probably for the best idea I ever had
I'm very privileged to have seen my
story made into such a spectacular piece
of work
[Music]